Rh documentation (#179)
aramis-lab/clinicadl: docs/Train/Introduction.md

    negative predictive value (NPV) and balanced accuracy (BA).
    - `--label` (str) is the name of the column containing the label for the classification task.
    It must be a categorical variable, but may be of any type. Default: `diagnosis`.
    <!---
    - `--selection_threshold` (float) threshold on the balanced accuracies to compute the
    [image-level performance](./Details.md#image-level-results).
    Parts of the image are selected if their balanced accuracy is greater than the threshold.
    Default corresponds to no selection.
    -->

> - **regression**

Author: No it is not, I removed it. We need to fix it with @14thibea if it is an option for MapsManager train or not.

Here is an example of TOML configuration file with all the default values:
```toml
# CONFIG FILE FOR TRAIN PIPELINE WITH DEFAULT ARGUMENTS

[Model]
architecture = "default" # ex : Conv5_FC3
multi = false

[Architecture]
# CNN
dropout = 0.0 # between 0 and 1
# VAE
latent_space_dimension = 64
latent_space_size = 2

[Classification]
selection_metrics = ["loss"]
optimization_metric = "default"
label = "diagnosis"

[Regression]
selection_metrics = ["loss"]
optimization_metric = "default"
label = "age"

[Reconstruction]
selection_metrics = ["loss"]
optimization_metric = "default"
latent_space_size = 64
latent_space_dimension = 2

[Computational]
use_gpu = true
n_proc = 2
batch_size = 2
evaluation_steps = 0

[Transfert_learning]
transfer_path = ""
transfer_selection_metric = "best_loss"

[Mode]
# require to manually generate preprocessing json
use_extracted_features = false

[Data]
multi_cohort = false
diagnoses = ["AD", "CN"]
baseline = false
normalize = true
data_augmentation = false
sampler = "random"

[Cross_validation]
n_splits = 0
split = []

[Optimization]
epochs = 20
learning_rate = 1e-4
weight_decay = 1e-4
patience = 0
tolerance = 0.0
accumulation_steps = 1
```

> This file is available at `clinicadl/resources/config/train_config.toml` in ClinicaDL folder (or on [GitHub](https://github.com/aramislab/clinicadl/clinicadl/resources/config/train_config.toml)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is available at `clinicadl/resources/config/train_config.toml` in the ClinicaDL folder (or on [GitHub](https://github.com/aramislab/clinicadl/clinicadl/resources/config/train_config.toml)).
```

!!! Warning

>     Be careful the structure of the file should respect the one given in example otherwise ClinicaDL won't be able to read the options. For instance if you want to specify a value `batch_size` option, the key should be in the `[Computational]` section of the configuration file as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ensure that the structure of the file respects the one given in example otherwise ClinicaDL won't be able to read the options. For instance if you want to specify a value for the `batch_size` option, the key should be in the `[Computational]` section of the configuration file as shown above.
```
